Daily Updates.md, before:

##### January 16th

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Did some research on finding new project ideas to finalize a project for our GDP based on Machine learing.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Holiday

###### Naina Sahiri
Holiday

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
I have done some research on the separation of data based on images in machine learning.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
I have searched some projects regarding Machine learning project.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### January 18th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
I have chosen to present Fake news detection project idea to the instructor. We were asked to come with more features to the idea to make it more bigger and better.


###### Anjana Thanguturi
Had to do some research on Machine Learning related projects for finalizing an idea for our project.

###### Naina Sahiri
Need to search for some ideas for our project

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
I have presented an idea on images to the instructor. We were asked to come with more features to the idea.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Searched a project called Speech Emotion Recognizer and need to research on that project.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### January 20th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Presented fake news detection idea with more features but we were suggested to change the dataset where we were recommeded to use images instead of text.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Team presented their ideas to instructor. I have found some ideas line coupon recommendation, Stock prediction. Instructor said they are good but we have to implement new features for the exsisting but not the same. So as a team we will finalize one idea among all presented ideas for our project in GDP2.

###### Naina Sahiri
Project concepts were discussed with the team members and need to finalize our project idea.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
I have presented my idea with some features like we can seperate data by using dimensions and shape.But we were suggested to implement the idea.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Need to discuss project with the teammates and need to filalize the project by the end of the week.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### January 23rd
###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Implemented the idea and presented my idea to the instructor,the idea is good based on images but instructor suggested us to make it clear to implement the project.

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
We have proposed Grocery Inventory idea based on image classification and instructor was fine with the idea and asked us to come up with suitable datasets.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
We have discussed some ML ideas with instructor and we have finalised Grocery Inventory idea. Instructor asked us to find some suitable datasets.

###### Naina Sahiri
proposed machine learning project ideas to the client and should search for some datasets required for our project.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Researched some projects regarding machine learning and presented our ideas to the professor. Professir asked to find some datasets.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### January 25th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
We have found some datasets and they were discussed with instructor. We have zeroed on two datasets.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
I have searched some datasets on images that we use in our project for the classification of data. And we were suggested to do classification of data.

###### Naina Sahiri
A few image datasets were searched, and the team presented the results to the client.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Found some data sets after searching in kaggle. And persented our datasets to the instructor.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### January 30th
###### Anjana Thanguturi
Trying to increase the accuracy of our initial image classification model and also we are trying to implement the image classification model for our dataset.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Trying to implement the image classification with our custom dataset.

###### Madupriya Gundeti
Trying to use our own dataset to implement the image classification.

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Made changes to model to increase accuracy of it. Planning to develop a model to classify custom dataset

###### Naina Sahiri
We are working to improve the precision of our first picture classification model as well as to apply the model to our dataset.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 3rd
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Resolved errors which occurred to custom dataset model but model isn't working as expected. It is unable to distinguish between vegetables and fruits. Make changes to model to make it perform accurately

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
While trying to implement with our custom dataset we are facing an error. We are facing an issue with our custom dataset to classify the images.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Trying to increase the accuracy of model and tried to resolve the error.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
We have an error while using our dataset to implement the image classification and we tried to resolve the error by modifying the code.

###### Naina Sahiri
Solved errors while trying to implement image classification .

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 6th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Attended workshop and presented tensorflow topic to class. Also, started working on building model to classify images.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Attended workshop and presented keras topics. And working on image classification.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Attended workshop and presented Matplotlib topics and started working on our model to predict our grocery data.

###### Naina Sahiri
presented a workshop session on machine learning introduction.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Worked on image classification presentation.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 8th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Build the model to classify images. We were able to detect Vegetables but not fruits. Working on the same to resolve the issue.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Worked on image classification by using keras library. To train the model, I have tried with fit_generator.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Working on build model as it is not working as expected while tested with different images.

###### Naina Sahiri
Need to test the model using training dataset.To make the model better, changes must be made.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Working on the construction model since when tested with various images, it does not behave as predicted.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 13th
###### Anjana Thanguturi
Tried with new model to detect grocery images but facing errors. Looking into the errors

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Tried with keras model with different approaches to classify the image.

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Building a new model with PyTorch library.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Tried to dectect the images with new model but the prediction was unsuccessful.

###### Naina Sahiri
used the same model while experimenting with a different approach.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 15th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Facing errors with new model. Also working on older model but the model is wrongly predicting the images.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Tried with old model to detect grocery images but the images are not predicting as expected.Working on that

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
As per instrcutor suggestion will take code from one of my team mate and did some changes in it accordingly.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
As the prediction is wrong we are updating the code. Still facing errors in the code

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 20th
###### Anjana Thanguturi
Srujan suggested new model for our project with which we are able to detect the images correctly. Trying to implement same in my system.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
One of our team member suggested new idea and instructor wants us to go with that model as it give more accuracy of the images.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
One of our team members suggested a new model which we are able to detect the image. Now I need to check the accuracy of this new model by changing layers.

###### Naina Sahiri
On the recommendation of one of the team members, We developed a model that could accurately predict photos.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 22th
###### Anjana Thanguturi
As per instructor suggestions, tried with different values to calculate the best testing accuracy and final the model

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
We have a final model which is working well. Planning our future work.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
We tried new model with different layers to increase more accuracy of the images and we got the expected accuracy.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Need to search how to implement inventory with firebase. 

###### Naina Sahiri
experimented with a new model that included multiple layers to improve the photos' accuracy.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 27th
###### Anjana Thanguturi
Prepared for mid exam 01 and presented our Grocery snap project.

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
We have presented our project progress to the class as a part of mid exam 01

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Presented midterm on grocery snap till testing and training the model.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Presented midterm on grocery snap.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### March 3rd
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Developed python code to be able to connect with Firebase DB and fetch results accordingly

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
python code was built and connected to the firebase and obtain the successful results.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Able to connect our projecct to database and fetch details.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
We are sucessfully able to connect python code with firebase.

Commit message:

Prepared and presented our project progress(Grocery Snap) - Naina Sahiri

Daily Updates.md, after:

##### January 16th

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Did some research on finding new project ideas to finalize a project for our GDP based on Machine learing.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Holiday

###### Naina Sahiri
Holiday

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
I have done some research on the separation of data based on images in machine learning.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
I have searched some projects regarding Machine learning project.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### January 18th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
I have chosen to present Fake news detection project idea to the instructor. We were asked to come with more features to the idea to make it more bigger and better.


###### Anjana Thanguturi
Had to do some research on Machine Learning related projects for finalizing an idea for our project.

###### Naina Sahiri
Need to search for some ideas for our project

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
I have presented an idea on images to the instructor. We were asked to come with more features to the idea.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Searched a project called Speech Emotion Recognizer and need to research on that project.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### January 20th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Presented fake news detection idea with more features but we were suggested to change the dataset where we were recommeded to use images instead of text.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Team presented their ideas to instructor. I have found some ideas line coupon recommendation, Stock prediction. Instructor said they are good but we have to implement new features for the exsisting but not the same. So as a team we will finalize one idea among all presented ideas for our project in GDP2.

###### Naina Sahiri
Project concepts were discussed with the team members and need to finalize our project idea.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
I have presented my idea with some features like we can seperate data by using dimensions and shape.But we were suggested to implement the idea.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Need to discuss project with the teammates and need to filalize the project by the end of the week.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### January 23rd
###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Implemented the idea and presented my idea to the instructor,the idea is good based on images but instructor suggested us to make it clear to implement the project.

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
We have proposed Grocery Inventory idea based on image classification and instructor was fine with the idea and asked us to come up with suitable datasets.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
We have discussed some ML ideas with instructor and we have finalised Grocery Inventory idea. Instructor asked us to find some suitable datasets.

###### Naina Sahiri
proposed machine learning project ideas to the client and should search for some datasets required for our project.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Researched some projects regarding machine learning and presented our ideas to the professor. Professir asked to find some datasets.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### January 25th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
We have found some datasets and they were discussed with instructor. We have zeroed on two datasets.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
I have searched some datasets on images that we use in our project for the classification of data. And we were suggested to do classification of data.

###### Naina Sahiri
A few image datasets were searched, and the team presented the results to the client.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Found some data sets after searching in kaggle. And persented our datasets to the instructor.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### January 30th
###### Anjana Thanguturi
Trying to increase the accuracy of our initial image classification model and also we are trying to implement the image classification model for our dataset.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Trying to implement the image classification with our custom dataset.

###### Madupriya Gundeti
Trying to use our own dataset to implement the image classification.

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Made changes to model to increase accuracy of it. Planning to develop a model to classify custom dataset

###### Naina Sahiri
We are working to improve the precision of our first picture classification model as well as to apply the model to our dataset.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 3rd
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Resolved errors which occurred to custom dataset model but model isn't working as expected. It is unable to distinguish between vegetables and fruits. Make changes to model to make it perform accurately

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
While trying to implement with our custom dataset we are facing an error. We are facing an issue with our custom dataset to classify the images.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Trying to increase the accuracy of model and tried to resolve the error.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
We have an error while using our dataset to implement the image classification and we tried to resolve the error by modifying the code.

###### Naina Sahiri
Solved errors while trying to implement image classification .

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 6th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Attended workshop and presented tensorflow topic to class. Also, started working on building model to classify images.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Attended workshop and presented keras topics. And working on image classification.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Attended workshop and presented Matplotlib topics and started working on our model to predict our grocery data.

###### Naina Sahiri
presented a workshop session on machine learning introduction.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Worked on image classification presentation.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 8th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Build the model to classify images. We were able to detect Vegetables but not fruits. Working on the same to resolve the issue.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Worked on image classification by using keras library. To train the model, I have tried with fit_generator.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Working on build model as it is not working as expected while tested with different images.

###### Naina Sahiri
Need to test the model using training dataset.To make the model better, changes must be made.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Working on the construction model since when tested with various images, it does not behave as predicted.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 13th
###### Anjana Thanguturi
Tried with new model to detect grocery images but facing errors. Looking into the errors

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Tried with keras model with different approaches to classify the image.

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Building a new model with PyTorch library.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Tried to dectect the images with new model but the prediction was unsuccessful.

###### Naina Sahiri
used the same model while experimenting with a different approach.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 15th
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Facing errors with new model. Also working on older model but the model is wrongly predicting the images.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Tried with old model to detect grocery images but the images are not predicting as expected.Working on that

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
As per instrcutor suggestion will take code from one of my team mate and did some changes in it accordingly.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
As the prediction is wrong we are updating the code. Still facing errors in the code

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 20th
###### Anjana Thanguturi
Srujan suggested new model for our project with which we are able to detect the images correctly. Trying to implement same in my system.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
One of our team member suggested new idea and instructor wants us to go with that model as it give more accuracy of the images.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
One of our team members suggested a new model which we are able to detect the image. Now I need to check the accuracy of this new model by changing layers.

###### Naina Sahiri
On the recommendation of one of the team members, We developed a model that could accurately predict photos.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 22th
###### Anjana Thanguturi
As per instructor suggestions, tried with different values to calculate the best testing accuracy and final the model

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
We have a final model which is working well. Planning our future work.

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
We tried new model with different layers to increase more accuracy of the images and we got the expected accuracy.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Need to search how to implement inventory with firebase. 

###### Naina Sahiri
experimented with a new model that included multiple layers to improve the photos' accuracy.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### February 27th
###### Anjana Thanguturi
Prepared for mid exam 01 and presented our Grocery snap project.

###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
We have presented our project progress to the class as a part of mid exam 01

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
Presented midterm on grocery snap till testing and training the model.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
Presented midterm on grocery snap.

###### Naina Sahiri
Prepared and Presented our Project -Grocery Snap for mid exam 01.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
##### March 3rd
###### Srujan Kumar Reddy Yeruva
Developed python code to be able to connect with Firebase DB and fetch results accordingly

###### Madhupriya Gundeti
python code was built and connected to the firebase and obtain the successful results.

###### Anjana Thanguturi
Able to connect our projecct to database and fetch details.

###### Sindhuja Vilipala
We are sucessfully able to connect python code with firebase.
